so today we're going to be making yakky
doodle basically it's
fried vegetable stir-fry with udon
noodles so this is our main ingredient
or udon noodles udon has a high GI it's
about 80 and if you don't know the
concept of you know high glycemic index
and low glycemic index i have a blog
that explains what it is so you can take
a look at that blog later so this is a
little noodles that we're using and you
can get this at any this is prepackaged
so they're instant so this is a really
convenient to have and you can get this
on any kind of you know Chinese grocery
stores so it's very inexpensive as well
and let's look at the other ingredients
are going to add in so I mentioned that
you don't know those are very high in GI
so to counteract that you can add in
nita which is a Japanese chives and you
can just find this and also like any
kind of asian stores and this is really
great because it has a lot of fiber so
it lowers your GI from the udon noodles
and I'm also going to be adding some
spinach and also some sliced onions and
cabbage and you can just really play
around with you can add any kind of
vegetables you want but these are the
ingredients i'm going to be using today
and also have some sliced pork bite-size
pieces and these are flavorings i'm
going to be using some oyster sauce soy
sauce and i'm going to use some olive
oil so let's begin so get your pop get
your pond nice and hot
we're going to cook our meat
with a pink
for a few minutes
is insulting for a few minutes
fan of wet
and if you're vegetarian you can just
leave out the meat and that looks fine
now we're going to add in our slavery
we're going to add in
japanese
and I'm breaking apart with your hair
sir them
just want to heat up
we just stirred it around it's not nice
and hot and I think it tastes fine but
you can always add in a little bit of
salt and pepper your liking
no it's ready to serve
so this is our finished product you can
eat it like this or it can pour a little
bit of vinegar on top and vinegar is
really good for you because it helps
prevent the excess secretion of insulin
so anything sour is really helpful so
now enjoy your enjoy a meal